
h2. Oozie Workflow Definition Editor

h3. Features

h4. Coding Assist

* *tag name proposal*

* *attribute name proposal*

* *auto-complete closing tag*

* *EL function proposal*

* *action name proposal*
** at @ok@to@, @error@to@, @path@start@, @join@to@, @case@to@, @default@to@, ...

* *snippet proposal*

* *find and replace*

* *goto corresponding action*
** forward and backward

h4. Formatting

* *indentation*
** in typing
** by hotkey

* *wrapping*
** soft wrapping
** line number

* *folding*
** folding free tags
*** *NOT supported* by underlying foldcode.js
** fold all
** unfold all
** fold to n depth
*** *NOT supported* by underlying foldcode.js 

* *tag and attribute value normalization*
** by hotkey
** @property/name@ element text
** @IDENTIFIER@ type value

 
h4. Validation

* *well-formedness*

* *schema confirmation*

* *uniqueness of action names*

* *action flow match*
** validate the value of @ok@to@, @error@to@, @path@start@, @join@to@, @case@to@, @default@to@ and et al.

* *isolated action*

* *circulations in action flow*


h3. User Interface

h4. Features

* *area resizing*
* *current line highlighting*

h4. Options

* boolean normalizesValueElement
* boolean appliesFolding
* boolean addsClosingTags
* int fontSize
* boolean usesTab
* int indentSize
* selection version

h4. Layout

* Commands
** format
** validate
** undo
** redo
** copy
** paste
** find

* Options
* Editing panel
* Snippet panel
* Message panel

h4. Short-cuts (hot-keys)

* F2 : show proposal
* F3 : find next


h3. Tools

* CodeMirror
* "jQuery.parseXML()":http://api.jquery.com/jQuery.parseXML/
* Regex


h3. Considerations

* -*The cursor position after formatting*-

* -*Normalize attribute values*-

* *Regex based normalization of tags and attributes*

* *Token based normalization of tags and attributes*
** What if the document is not in well-formed states?

* *Tag normalization at the typing of '>'*
** What about CDATA

* *Selection behavior*
** single click, double click, triple click inside tags
** at tag name, at attribute name, at attribute value.

* *More active usage of @token@ and @state@*
** How to access current token?
** How to access current state and surrounding context?

* *Show hint or proposal with F2 key*

* *Single @backspace@ to proper indented position*

* *Credential validation or proposal*
** Need more review on @workflow-app/credentials@ and @workflow-app/action@cred@
 